Redesign "Building on LUKSO" (#1099)
lukso-network/docs: docs/learn/introduction.md

---
sidebar_label: '🌏 Overview'

> description: Overview of the benefits of using LUKSO Standard Proposals(LSPs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Overview of the benefits of using LUKSO Standard Proposals (LSPs)
```

---

# 🌏 Overview

:::info

> This page overviews the benefits of using the LUKSO Standard Proposals(LSPs) and outlines the differences between building on LUKSO and other EVM chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page highlights the benefits of using the LUKSO Standard Proposals(LSPs) and outlines the differences between building on LUKSO compared to other EVM chains.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to put this in an info callout

    </tr>
</table>

## Key Benefits

> The table below highlights the benefits of LSP features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below highlights the features of the LSPs and their benefits:
```
